What if we were a real couple?
Then I will definitely be angry.
Whenever
Our little home is your first priority.
Especially in this kind of scarcity
With limited resources
You don't want to put your family first
Show respect to your wife
What are you doing to get married?
Hey, too many men are making money outside now
Leave the family children to the wife
They feel that all the money they earn is their own
But in fact, every penny they make
There is a wife behind it
Let them not worry about children and families
Come to the man
You become a useless thing
It's all up to me
You're way ahead of your time.
But will it affect your ability to find someone later?
Why do you have to find someone?
If you don't find a partner, you will die
You won't die if you don't find a partner
But how can no man live?
Rich women hold up half the sky
Men, don't overestimate yourself
I earn my own money and space
I do the housework myself
I'm sick, I go to the hospital.
What do I need a man for?
I have to serve his family
Wait until you get old
I want to send him shit and pee
Why do you say it like you did before
Found a man
Who have you taken care of for a lifetime?
I've never eaten pork.
I haven't seen a pig run
But you're a man, too.
I'm not like everyone else.
You are not like other women
Are you willing to ally with me when I'm down?
Willing to believe me
You are the first.
Are they all gay?
Ah, by the way, how many wild boars do you think there are?
bone
That's why I didn't dare to take them down the mountain
Because it's really a bit of a swagger.
5 heads
That's a lot!
Then we will eat with the shrimp two women for four
I can't finish it either.
Well, I have an idea.
How about making all this pork into bacon?
What do you think?
5 heads all made bacon
Afraid of being beaten up
You won't be tired
What is the best solution now?
Just sell these pork for money
Or exchange for some tickets we need.
Actually, I do have a way
We can inform the village chief about this.
Ask him to send someone to lift the table down
Did our whole village team divide together?
It just so happens that we can still make a favor
How could it be right?
That's a good idea.
I know there is a particularly hidden cave in the back mountain
We can sneak one
Make a tamer
Let's go back
We can also keep a little pig there
And then when you need it?
Let's make it a pig roast.
We can do that.
Let's go and have a look before making detailed wine.